I thought she was a specialist.
She is, a specialist in hair-dressing.
She thinks you have a follicle problem.
I think my brain might be sweating.
Ah..
Are we in the neighbourhood?
No, it's horrible!
Oh, well listen, don't worry.
It can be fixed!
Listen, I'm gonna need a bucket of ice,
some antiseptic ointment,
and I need Sabrina to sign a release form.
And, uh, why don't up the stereo?
It helps drown out the scream.
Stop, I can fix it myself!
Would restraints help?
It was a spell!
I was just trying to get you guys back together
because I don't like us not being a family anymore.
You did what?!
Look, if I was sick, could I do this?
(Laughing)
Okay, so I'm no Ken Berry.
Sabrina, we have a confession to make.
We didn't really split up.
Okay, and you live in two different houses because...
We pretended to split up.
To help you learn that we're better parents as a unit.
You shouldn't pit us against one another.
Okay, and you couldn't tell me this before because...
We did. And you responded by sneaking off to the science club party.
Okay and I have no response to that because...
You know we're right.
Why did the cat have to suffer? Aw...
Wait, this couldn't have been a ruse.
I mean, I was called before the witches' council.
And we were happy to help.
It's been a slow month and...
I've got teenagers at home.
Talk about your full service organization.
And now if you'll excuse me,
I've gotta go deal with a little boy who won't wash behind his ears.
This time I get to be a matador.
Well, I certainly learned my lesson.